week0/README.md, before:

# Pre-requisites

Covers pre-requisites for the course. This includes:

1. Math refresher
2. Install and setup Python
3. Run sample python code

Date: TBD

> This content is part of the [ML-100-Intoduction-To-Data Science-and-Machine-Learning](http://www.z2datalabs.com/data-science) program.

## Notes:

1. Kindly install the Anaconda distribution on your laptops (see reference section below for install link)
    - Please add the Anaconda install location to the PATH variable, so you don't have to provide pull Python path each time.
    - Please install the latest Python  (3.x)

2. To verify Installation is fine, type `ipython notebook` on command prompt (also called `jupyter notebook`)
    - This should open a browser window, where you can execute Python code.

> For help with the above steps, you can refer to the first 10 mins of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0jGAZAdZqM). Also, there are tons of resources on the web you can refer to about installing Anaconda, and using ipython notebooks.


3. Once you have `ipython notebook` running on you machine, you can start executing python code on your machine.
    - You are now ready to start learning Python!
    - The [References](#References) section we provide two great resources (*General Python Tutorial* and *Crash Course in Python*) to help you get started.

4. In case you are stuck, we will help unblock you. Don't worry :)
    - It is critical that everyone is able to run `ipython notebook` on their machines. We will use ipython notebooks for coding in this course.

## References:

- [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads)
- [General Python Tutorial](http://cs231n.github.io/python-numpy-tutorial/)
- [Crash Course in Python (PDF)](resources/crashcoursepython.pdf)
    - This is from the book [Data Science From Scratch](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X) by Joel Grus
- [A Whirlwind Tour of Python](https://github.com/jakevdp/WhirlwindTourOfPython)
- [Lectures on scientific computing with Python](https://github.com/jrjohansson/scientific-python-lectures/tree/master/)

Commit message:

week0. readme update with git bash

week0/README.md, after:

# Pre-requisites

Covers pre-requisites for the course. This includes:

1. Math refresher
2. Install and setup Python
3. Run sample python code

Date: TBD

> This content is part of the [ML-100-Intoduction-To-Data Science-and-Machine-Learning](http://www.z2datalabs.com/data-science) program.

## Notes:

1. Kindly install the Anaconda distribution on your laptops (see reference section below for install link)
    - Please add the Anaconda install location to the PATH variable, so you don't have to provide pull Python path each time.
    - Please install the latest Python  (3.x)

2. To verify Installation is fine, type `ipython notebook` on command prompt (also called `jupyter notebook`)
    - This should open a browser window, where you can execute Python code.

> For help with the above steps, you can refer to the first 10 mins of [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q0jGAZAdZqM). Also, there are tons of resources on the web you can refer to about installing Anaconda, and using ipython notebooks.


3. Once you have `ipython notebook` running on you machine, you can start executing python code on your machine.
    - You are now ready to start learning Python!
    - The [References](#References) section we provide two great resources (*General Python Tutorial* and *Crash Course in Python*) to help you get started.

4. In case you are stuck, we will help unblock you. Don't worry :)
    - It is critical that everyone is able to run `ipython notebook` on their machines. We will use ipython notebooks for coding in this course.

5. For Windows users, please install [Git bash](https://git-scm.com/downloads)
    - we will use github as our *code delivery* mechanism
    - p.s. tools like git and ipython are critical part of a data scientists toolkit.

## References:

- [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads)
- [General Python Tutorial](http://cs231n.github.io/python-numpy-tutorial/)
- [Crash Course in Python (PDF)](resources/crashcoursepython.pdf)
    - This is from the book [Data Science From Scratch](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Scratch-Principles-Python/dp/149190142X) by Joel Grus
- [A Whirlwind Tour of Python](https://github.com/jakevdp/WhirlwindTourOfPython)
- [Lectures on scientific computing with Python](https://github.com/jrjohansson/scientific-python-lectures/tree/master/)
